CLI v1.15 docs and release notes (#2292)
astronomer/docs: astro/cli/astro-deployment-airflow-variable-copy.md

---
sidebar_label: "astro deployment airflow-variable copy"
title: "astro deployment airflow-variable copy"
id: astro-deployment-airflow-variable-copy
description: Reference documentation for astro deployment airflow-variable copy.
hide_table_of_contents: true
---

Copy Airflow variables from one Astro Deployment to another. Airflow variables are stored in the target Deployment's metadata database and appear in the Airflow UI.  

## Usage

```sh
astro deployment airflow-variable copy
```

> This command only copies Airflow variables that were configured through the Airflow UI or otherwise stored in the Airflow metadata database. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command only copies Airflow variables that were configured through the Airflow UI or Airflow REST API
```

Reviewer: there are only two ways where Airflow Variables are stored in metadata db, so i think it makes sense to clarify.

:::tip

> This command is recommended for automated workflows. To run this command in an automated process such as a [CI/CD pipeline](set-up-ci-cd.md), set the following OS-level environment variables in a way that the Astro CLI can access them:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command is recommended for automated workflows. To run this command in an automated process such as a [CI/CD pipeline](set-up-ci-cd.md), you can generate Workspace API Token and set the following OS-level environment variable in a way that the Astro CLI can access them:
```

> - `ASTRONOMER_KEY_ID`

Reviewer: Key ID and Secret are generated when we use Deployment API Keys - which we are phasing out. so does it make sense to say use API token and also link the page on how to generate
```suggestion
- `ASTRO_API_TOKEN`
```

- `ASTRONOMER_KEY_SECRET`

> After setting the variables, this command works for a Deployment without you having to manually authenticate to Astronomer. Astronomer recommends storing `ASTRONOMER_KEY_SECRET` as a secret before using it to programmatically update production-level Deployments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After setting the variables, this command works for a Deployment without you having to manually authenticate to Astronomer. Astronomer recommends storing `ASTRO_API_TOKEN` as a secret before using it to programmatically update production-level Deployments.
```

| ------------------------------ | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| `-s`,`--source-id`           |    The ID of the Deployment to copy Airflow variables from.                                             | Any valid Deployment ID |
| `-n`, `--source-name` | The name of the Deployment from which to copy Airflow variables. Use as an alternative to `<source-id>`. | Any valid Deployment name                                            |
| `-t`, `--target-id` | The ID of the Deployment to receive the copied Airflow variables                                     |
| `--target-name` | The name of the Deployment to receive the copied Airflow variables.  Use as an alternative to `<target-id>`. | Any valid Deployment name                                            |
| `-w`,`--workspace-id`          | Specify to copy Airflow variables to a Deployment that is not in your current Workspace. If not specified, your current Workspace is assumed.          | Any valid Workspace ID                                                         |

## Examples

> ```sh

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```bash
```

Reviewer: `bash` vs `sh` will properly colour code the comments
